[DOCS] Review Install doc (#20089)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/_install-and-build/Installing-Geth.md

---
title: Installing Geth
---

> You can install the Go implementation of Ethereum using a variety of ways. These include as part of Mist; installing it via your favorite package manager; downloading a standalone pre-built bundle; running as a docker container; or building it yourself. This document details all of the possibilities to get you joining the Ethereum network using whatever means you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the Go implementation of Ethereum using a variety of ways. These include installing it via your favorite package manager; downloading a standalone pre-built bundle; running as a docker container; or building it yourself. This document details all of the possibilities to get you joining the Ethereum network using whatever means you prefer.
```
Mist has been sunset

The image has the following ports automatically exposed:

-   `8545` TCP, used by the HTTP based JSON RPC API
-   `8546` TCP, used by the WebSocket based JSON RPC API
-   `8547` TCP, used by the GraphQL API
-   `30303` TCP and UDP, used by the P2P protocol running the network

_Note, if you are running an Ethereum client inside a Docker container, you should mount a data volume as the client's data directory (located at `/root/.ethereum` inside the container) to ensure that downloaded data is preserved between restarts and/or container life-cycles._

## Build go-ethereum from source code

### Most Linux systems

Go Ethereum is written in [Go](https://golang.org), so to build from source code you need the most recent version of Go. This guide doesn't cover how to install Go itself, for details read the [Go installation instructions](https://golang.org/doc/install) and grab any needed bundles from the [Go download page](https://golang.org/dl/).

With Go installed, you can download our project via:

```shell
go get -d github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum
```

> The above command checksout the default version of Go Ethereum into your local `GOPATH` work space, but does not build any executables. To do that you can either build one specifically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command checks out the default version of Go Ethereum into your local `GOPATH` work space, but does not build any executables. To do that you can either build one specifically:
```
